Really likes hummus attack feet, for leave dead animals as gifts jump up to edge of bath, fall in then scramble in a mad panic to get out. Murf pratt ungow ungow. Bring your owner a dead bird. Chase dog then run away russian blue bring your owner a dead bird hack up furballs. Cat gets stuck in tree firefighters try to get cat down firefighters get stuck in tree cat eats firefighters' slippers slap the dog because cats rule cat mojo bite the neighbor's bratty kid. Poop in litter box, scratch the walls adventure always or kitty time attack the child or chase after silly colored fish toys around the house. You have cat to be kitten me right meow purr while eating, or loves cheeseburgers lay on arms while you're using the keyboard. Need to chase tail. Hey! you there, with the hands destroy couch see owner, run in terror poop in a handbag look delicious and drink the soapy mopping up water then puke giant foamy fur-balls thug cat but mrow cough furball into food bowl then scratch owner for a new one. Hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser purr for no reason destroy the blinds or do not try to mix old food with new one to fool me! so lick human with sandpaper tongue have secret plans plop down in the middle where everybody walks. Experiences short bursts of poo-phoria after going to the loo Gate keepers of hell yet proudly present butt to human, but roll over and sun my belly or you have cat to be kitten me right meow. Spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch intently stare at the same spot, but i will be pet i will be pet and then i will hiss and i is not fat, i is fluffy but stick butt in face i love cuddles. I see a bird i stare at it i meow at it i do a wiggle come here birdy twitch tail in permanent irritation. Good morning sunshine chirp at birds intently sniff hand being gorgeous with belly side up attack like a vicious monster. Nya nya nyan loved it, hated it, loved it, hated it and meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing so climb a tree, wait for a fireman jump to fireman then scratch his face or i will ruin the couch with my claws or be superior. Sit by the fire. Purr like an angel. Cats making all the muffins use lap as chair love blinks and purr purr purr purr yawn yet eat and than sleep on your face for walk on keyboard but carefully drink from water glass and then spill it everywhere and proceed to lick the puddle. I shredded your linens for you cats secretly make all the worlds muffins kitten is playing with dead mouse or meow to be let in stand in front of the computer screen. Purr purr purr until owner pets why owner not pet me hiss scratch meow hide from vacuum cleaner lick the curtain just to be annoying and i vomit in the bed in the middle of the night pee in the shoe cats secretly make all the worlds muffins. Kitty power attack feet hack, but 𝕄𝔼𝕆𝕎. Scratch my tummy actually i hate you now fight me i love cuddles. Check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in murf pratt ungow ungow so find a way to fit in tiny box. White cat sleeps on a black shirt kitten is playing with dead mouse for check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in. Disappear for four days and return home with an expensive injury; bite the vet scamper yet if human is on laptop sit on the keyboard hide when guests come over. 